Readme.md, before:

# **WEare Social Network**

**This is the the readme file for the final project in Telerik Academy Alpha of Team Neptunus**

**Team members**:
- Dayana Docheva
- Nikolay Rusanov

## Important links:

### 1. Test Plan: 
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Documents%20and%20templates/Test_Plan.md)

### 2. Bug template: 
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Documents%20and%20templates/Bug%20template.md)

### 3. Exploratory test report:
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Reports/Exploratory%20Test%20Report.md)

### 4. Test Cases:
- [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/tree/master/Test%20Cases)

### 5. Test Cases execution report:
 - [Access here](https://telerikacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/p/nikolay_rusanov_a28_learn/EkNyCtXR4lZBtxrYGfH1OYsBHHn5guyPf5N7fUMn_Jdtag?e=bCNNlo)

### 6. Logged bugs:
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/issues)

Commit message:

Add links for the Test Cases in readme file

Readme.md, after:

# **WEare Social Network**

**This is the the readme file for the final project in Telerik Academy Alpha of Team Neptunus**

**Team members**:
- Dayana Docheva
- Nikolay Rusanov

## Important links:

### 1. Test Plan: 
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Documents%20and%20templates/Test_Plan.md)

### 2. Bug template: 
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Documents%20and%20templates/Bug%20template.md)

### 3. Exploratory test report:
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Reports/Exploratory%20Test%20Report.md)

### 4. Test Cases:

**Аnonymous user**
- [Test cases for registration form](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Cases/Anonymous%20user/Test%20cases%20for%20registration%20form.md)

**Registered user**    
- [Test cases for log in](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Cases/Registered%20user/Test%20cases%20for%20log%20in.md)
- [Test cases for editing user profile](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Cases/Registered%20user/Test%20cases%20for%20Editing%20user%20profile.md)

**Admin**
- [Test cases for log in](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/blob/master/Test%20Cases/Admin/Test%20cases%20for%20log%20in.md)

### 5. Test Cases execution report:
 - [Access here](https://telerikacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/p/nikolay_rusanov_a28_learn/EkNyCtXR4lZBtxrYGfH1OYsBHHn5guyPf5N7fUMn_Jdtag?e=bCNNlo)

### 6. Logged bugs:
 - [Access here](https://gitlab.com/DayanaDocheva/neptunus-final-project/-/issues)
